oh mah Chile or back up
haha this clipper was produced by
Schwartz como Isaiah an Israeli living
in the United States from Shlomo am so
what this clip is a response to the the
Berlin campaign the Milky campaign
promoting Israelis to leave Leave visual
to Europe for supposedly a better
quality of life well when I saw the clip
and I heard about the demonstration it
bothered me a little bit that Israeli
who lives in the US and me and a couple
friends we got together to try and tell
the real story the real feelings of the
people who are living here rookie tell
us about the participants in the sec
clip we see lots of pictures of people
who you know they're telling us that
they're coming back we want to come back
to Israel so to question some of them
are people i know friends but we also
put out a couple of facebook posts and
send emails to people and they responded
on the wrong cuz they wanted to be
pardoned so you posted this this clip
online thank you tell us about the
reactions it's been pretty overwhelming
um a lot of it's been a less than a week
and I think there are a couple of
thousands of people watching on YouTube
and are sharing on Facebook so we hope
that the message gets out to as many
people as possible so the clip is titled
a technical team soon coming home how
about you coming home soon well we're
always thinking about it and
talk about it hopefully you God willing
that's the despots she's almost rights
figure out much for drivers hello my
love to do I
hey
bahama more
and lower than
and now
enough who dares oppose